Drew bakerfdm event preparation (#14247)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/marketing/README.md

2. Compare existing ads against the newly proposed ad within the corresponding ad platform. ([Google Ads](https://ads.google.com/home/), [LinkedIn Campaign Manager](https://www.linkedin.com/campaignmanager/), etc.)
3. If your change is approved, Field Marketer makes changes and creates a calendar reminder to check performance two weeks from the date changes were made.

### Book an event
For an event to be considered, booked, and scheduled, we follow the event issue template.

> 1. Create a New GitHub Issue from the [#g-marketing board](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/g-marketing-64e6c8e2d35c7f001a457b7f/board).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a [new GitHub issue for the #g-marketing board](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/marketing#contact-us).
```

Actually, I'd consolidate steps number 1 and number 2 here into a single step

2. Select the "Event-preparation" template.

> 3. Drag the issue into the "🗓 Ideas for future events" column as you work through the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Drag the issue into the "🗓 Ideas for future events" column.  
```

> 4. Once approval has been received, move the event into the "🗓 Planned events" column.

Reviewer: instead of step 4, make this a little postgame message, separate from the list.

> 5. If there was an issue created under the "📨New requests" from a team member, move any relevant information from the old issue to the new one and close the old one.

Reviewer: I'd cut step 5

### Review ongoing events

> In order to be timely, preparation is ongoing for events within the "🗓 Planned events" column within the [#g-marketing board](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/g-marketing-64e6c8e2d35c7f001a457b7f/board).

Reviewer: I'd just cut this sentence and include the link below instead inline in the steps (less tor read).  Remember the audience of this section is Drew, or Drew's buddy who is filling out for him when he is out of office

1. Check "🗓 Planned events" and continue to work through steps in each event's issue.

> 2. Remember to communicate with event organizers to ask questions when necessary.

Reviewer: I'd cut this second step.  It's not an action you can take, it's a reminder . So it's not a step.  Either drop it out of the list, or in this case leave it out altogether  (I'd probably just do that)
